GOAT is a long-term tournament organisation assistant
Copyright (C) 2006-2007  Yves Rutschle

% perldoc goat

should answer most of your questions. See below for install
tips and additionnal support scripts.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

The full text for the General Public License is here:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html


HOW TO INSTALL?

Install the dependencies:

        apt-get install libtime-modules-perl libemail-filter-perl libemail-valid-perl libdatetime-perl libdatetime-locale-perl libhtml-table-perl libdatetime-timezone-perl libdevel-cover-perl libtemplate-perl libmime-tools-perl libemail-reply-perl libemail-sender-perl libyaml-perl libdata-ical-perl libdatetime-format-ical-perl libdata-uuid-perl libparse-recdescent-perl libcgi-pm-perl
        cpan Algorithm::Pair::Best2
        cpan Games::Go::SGF

Check out GoatConfig.pm for configuration options.

Goat is called in 2 ways: on receiving a mail that contains
a command; and regularly, to send out reminders.

The easiest way (because I use it, so you can be sure the
code will work that way) to install goat is to create a
'goat' user account. Copy all the files of this archive to
the home directory of the 'goat' user, for example in a
'goat-1.1' directory, then create a .forward file that
contains:

| /home/goat/frontend

The 'frontend' script will set up two environment variables:
GOAT_DIR, which should contain the path to the Goat code
WORK_DIR, which contains the path to the work files
(tournament file, html exports etc), then call
$GOAT_DIR/mail_in. E.g.:

<<< My /home/goat/frontend

#! /bin/sh

# These environment variables are used by goat
export GOAT_DIR=/home/goat/curr
export WORK_DIR=/home/goat

$GOAT_DIR/mail_in
<<< end


Now all e-mail received by the goat user is processed by
goat. Then add a crontab entry for the goat user:

0 0 * * *       /home/goat/curr/goat >> /home/goat/log/cron

Now goat will run once a day to send out reminders if
needed. 

You can register users with the 'register' script.  You can
use Goat's built-in pairing algorithm using the 'pair'
script (all these scripts are self-documented: <script>
--help will hopefully give you all the information you
need.)

To create a single game, use 'add_game'.
To remove a single game, use 'del_game'.

Same goes with 'add_player' and 'del_player'. In general all
these only apply to the current round.

